12 nov 2019

ryan tried to play with the PIC so to sense a person walking through a doorway. it works. however, it is going haywire now and like probably not very useful. we are considering 

a) tweaking its sensitivity such that it senses 3m instead of 7m.
b) swapping to ultrasonic sound instead.

other than that, jx is currently working on the sound system.

I looked up a bit on the TFT LCD screen. apart from there being a lack of documentation, the datasheet is too much information and is jibberish to me at this point. now that ive taken a look at the pins, I see that it connects to a TFT LCD shield and that we bought the wrong shield. Oh well, at least something new we learnt, that different shields have different purposes, and not all shields can and will serve a purpose. My initial thought when buying the shields was that it could be somehow connected. apparently now it looks like i have to either connect 20+ pins manually, or use TFT LCD shield + arduino mega (possibly). I do not know. Screw it I say, I will just not use the screen. I possibly cannot incur new costs if our group wants to buy the TV.

Other than that, we are considering not building the big door and probably the small door too. We are now thinking of renting a big door from ManLin's theatre company, and just emailing the prof and stuff for a screen. We'll also get invision to sponsor us (like the ol' YES days) and use that as a win win case, then building a prototype app for the door. or just using rpi since we are now looking at a hdmi connection lmao.

-joe out- 

14 Nov
elderly want companionship. og problem : healthcare advanced so much that elderly cant even use it
holes : will elderly even want it? ->solution give companionship 

we want manlin to do voice recording ASAP. then we will focus our efforts on the UI.

ryan suggested that elderly can be motivated to use the app by discounts. daily interaction of the app cna lead to earning of points which results in discounts. this will probably make the elderly want to use the app.

we played even further with the PIC sensor and now it works very well. However, it still senses too far away. we experimented with a fake "card house" casing and we realised that infrared radiation from the human body actually does not pass through such materials.

we are planning to make a casing for the PIC sensor.

i found a tutorial on how to turn on leds via gpio pins on the rpi. im excited, and will learn it asap when i have the time.

